Saving our planet together, one challenge at a time.
Taking the lead to preserve, protect and heal nature. begins together under one Earth Tribe
Join the global Earth Tribe community
Explore a series of exciting environmental Challenges to your recognition bedges and become a member of the Earth b
Champions for Nature
Challenge
Tide Turners Plastic Challenge
pollution rects very corner of the
Scouts Go Solar Challenge
Join a global youth movement for the environment!
Our world is changing at a remarkable pace. The essence of all life on earth, nature, under enormous threat. We are experiencing loss of natural habitat and species The Earth Tribe unbeyoung people in a global movement to become champions for preserving and protecting our planet.
the impacts of climate change, reliance on fossil fuels rising consumption habits, and a
A tribe that enables you to protect and heal our planet
Through the Earth Tribe, you will understand
your own personal impact on the
environment, lean how to take action in your
community to improve the health of the planet, and participate in a series of exciting
The Earth Tribe is your personal educational Journey for environmental charge-a global
community offends who share your passion
and leadership to create a better world



Why join the Earth Tribe?
Join the community
Get inspired
Access to global community of young piston and visuals of young people people working on
Become a role model
Step up
Collect badges
Have an impact
Why join the Earth Tribe?
Your Earth Tribe journey will take you through a series of Challenges that will inspire you to care about the environment and become
Advocate for better choles
Champion of and diversity
Healer for a hely
See how others take on the challenge
First Aid volunteering in Alertathon
Due to some loss of job in many families Dominican Scouts helped more than 425,000 to a local compagn
"Mother Earth give us everything westwear0. se and even make us feel good, if we don't
concrete action now our on this planet won't
arou accumsana.comsectetur eget posuere ut
Saving our planet together. Join the global Earth Tribe movement!
Our Partners